SNOW-940607: Fix precision loss during to_pandas conversion (#1101)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.10.0 (TBD)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug in `DataFrame.to_pandas()` where the converting snowpark dataframes to pandas dataframes was losing precision on 19-digit numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `DataFrame.to_pandas()` where converting snowpark dataframes to pandas dataframes was losing precision on numbers with more than 19 digits.
```
